hey thanks for coming to my website is a
great day in the Walsh household because
my advanced copies of the 1i Mo's
Superbook arrived note the spot varnish
bama was founded by two guys spud melon
and richner and they founded their
company around a slingshot and over the
years they became the most popular
outdoor sports and toy company in the
world spot enriched the guys had found
this company were amazing i interviewed
rich nar for the book and he just is an
inspiration to me he passed away
unfortunately before the book was
completed he was 82 years old they gave
a lot of us a lot of fun I talked to
norm Stingley and then in Super Ball
Fred Morrison the inventor of frisbee
you see the frisbee pie plate behind me
I talked about the history of that word
how it evolved from the frisbee pie
company to this piece of plastic that
has sold over 200 million copies
superbook's big time huge hundred and
ninety two pages in this book color
pictures a lot of vintage ads patent
drawings weird novelties like Monster
Magnet and super Sneaky squirting stick
because you can never have enough of
those vintage photographs here's a great
shot of a hula hoop championship yeah
yeah you gotta love Monster Magnet super
elastic bubble plastic classic remember
the wheelie bar the wheelie bar was a
bicycle accessory that you put on the
back of your bike and you can do a
wheelie and not crack your head open
yeah oh
excuse me look how thick that is look
how look at the spine on that thing come
on silly string are you kidding me look
at that Super Ball original 1965 and
there's a collection of super balls yeah
norm Stingley is the inventor of Super
Bowl I interviewed him for the book
great guy hilarious he found an old
super bowl of his and he sent it to me
in a little brown envelope I talked
about this in either book and I don't
know how he fit so much of my boyhood in
that envelope but he did was targeted
therapy they actually made a bomb
fallout shelter cover during the weapons
race I'll sign it right there on the
title page Tim Walsh crime books I'll
sign it right there to your loved one or
yourself if it's for you tell the truth
it's for you yeah there's the super
sneaky squirt and stick the one I get
the most inquiries about his magic
window this was a basically just a
plastic frame that held to different
kinds of sand that would not mix so they
roll around each other to make weird
psychedelic patterns super elastic
bubble plastic plastic bubbles in the
tube super elastic bubble plastic had
acetone in it which is pretty much the
main ingredient to nail polish remover
so there were some fumes going on with
that toy I think she's going to need CPR
soon beasties earthmovers were really
didn't move us very much they had giant
monster bubbles was a big one zillion
bubbles pocket bubbles cover hacky sack
in the book of course and there's John
Stoll burger the inventor one of the
inventors of hacky sack showing off his
style so check out my new book it'll be
in stores soon but you heard about it on
the playmakers calm first